{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Cochin;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl288\slmult1\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\f0\fs28 \cf0 Robin hood like fae or wandercreek girl swashbuckling (true grit) first mate who is enamored with talamus.\
Fallwuilfe adventure. Baby Tigre meets mershark man or woman and falls in love or thinks she knows or needs to meet him for some reason. Epic quest to get rare prohibited herb that may make her able to live underwater with him. If they get it, it only works for long enough for her to say hello to him.\
\
Ooooh what if the mershark is a drowned fae spirit! IE MAYBE HER MOM!!\
\
\'97\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\f1\fs24 \cf0 dragon mist whale\
fallwuilfe wolf pack attack\
sled dog team\
snow shoeing\
storm gulls\
stormy waves crashing and smashing them, going under ice\
ice fields\
tigrenache or tigra fall in love with shark merwoman/man, can't get to the bottom of the sea to be with her. finds fae magic leaves for long enough to speak to her.\
snowy spring island\
giant blue eyed snow cats\
dark scraggly scavenger birds of huge wilting wingspans\
ice cathedrals\
gates of ice into the mist and beyond\
fortress burried in snow (castle like ludwigs castle amidst the pines in a vale)\
white doves cleaning themselves in snow like sand\
or flapping and dying in the snow.\
tamed hawks for tigernache and talamus\
a barnacle covered shack house (or federal st style house) on the fallwuilfe sea. Ansa's house?\
ice expanding and receding giving them new bering straits of traveling and blocking them with no way out. Creaking around their house.\
hoarfrost forest in the mist\
lanterns hung at the fort. pathwork blankets. thick warmth on the spring wind.\
beautiful ship with great white sails trimmed with fur and leather strings.\
high lighthouse in the middle of crashing sea\
underwtaer beanstalk of seaweeed, stories high.\
hiding in a rock cave while the cold mist and waves pounds the sea rocks around them.\
\
wide dock street surrounded by trees and houses crossing the river, giant waves.\
running along boardwalk paths in the wood, up and down over bumps, in the darkness, peaking out through brambles to catch a glimpse of the moonbathed marsh.\
hillsides of ice, blue in the pink light.\
prisms of rainbows through the ice at twilight and dawn.\
abandoned by the sun, the coldest darkest of nights.\
sea of ice golden in the sunset\
bear dragging itself through the broken ice\
"The birds are leaving (the shores)"\
A crown of bubbles around her head, a halo of bubbles around her face.\
swarms of (Firemagrens? bees? birds?) miles high.\
iridescent wings, flopping and fluttering in hte thin skim of water on the shore.\
A lush pine forest, flooded to the lowest branches. Canoeing through it.\
You are like a river that has worn me down as a mountain and carried me to the sea.\
climbing lush trees that grow out of the (dark) steep hill.\
a hole in the ice that goes down into darkness.\
snowing fiercly on the brown rocky mountain side, amidst the shrubbrushes and scraggly trees.\
a burrow den to winter over amongst the jewels and blankets \
following the trails amid the shrubbrushes.\
fallwuilfe people or fallwuilfe fae living in pods carved out in the river ice, below the surface in an "underwater" mid ice world.\
\
\
fairies with pollen wands eating the pollen out of plants with them and magicking pollen dust on things and sprinkling pollen light fae dust as the conjure\
A daffodil glen of dappled clight\
land of miniatures (mini lions etc mini fae)\
\
figure out enchanter life magic (low long can Tigrenache keep Talamus alive?)\
Figure out what exactly enchanters can do\
also, what fairies can do (maybe they do earth magic like lay the dew, trigger some rain, begin winds, help breath mist into life, and make frost/ice, or guide some of the plants towards the light/lay ivy.\
\
"The kings are returning from a three day fishing trip"\
Robin hood girl (ship?) boyish grin. Infatuated with Talamus.\
\
\'93And when that ship went down\'94 forshadowing prologue in dreamlike state\
-\
\'93I\'92ll catch you between raindrops\'94 (guess I\'92ll catch you)\
Talamus, to tigernache, giving her a quick kiss goodbye before going off to be awesome while Tigrenache stays on, with the boat as ship captain, being awesome. Robin girl probably wants to go with Talamus but stays with Tigrenache.\
\
\'93Though the truth may vary this ship will carry our bodies safe to shore\'94}