{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Cochin;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl288\slmult1\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\f0\fs28 \cf0 Ghaeran young life/sword/weaponry practice with Ansa (summer came and found\'85etc etc) Ten years old\
Is told about her marriage in the future (she and ansa scoff. She doesn\'92t worry about it because its so far away).\
Ghaeran gets married for money/land/please father etc - Sixteen years old\
Ghaeran has child\
Ansa heartbroken and leaves\
Ghaeran tends crops, becomes main farmess. \
Ghaeran is visited by white riders, 60 day march\
Ghaeran temple building\
Fallwuilfe kills thirteen enchanters\
Ghaeran enchanter war\
Ansa returns, saves \
Ghaeran\'92s husband in battle but ends up dying. Both are killed. \
(This could be broken down into three books/parts)\
(Or These could be two part of one book. Directly begin where Ghaeran left off)\
\
Enchanter from fleeing battle of ghaeran\
(Did he see something to make him change? The last white rider fall? *A* white rider fall? Ghaeran or Ansa\'92s death?)\
To lanx\'92s garden\
Destruction of the garden. \
Attempt to relearn enchantmentry/destruction/backfirings/suffering\
To ress\'92s statue\
To \'93rebirth\'94\
To turning birds to fire etc\
To ress (teaching each other. Petulance on Nysts part. Love. Master/apprentice but closer to older younger brother friendship).\
To comanding the army to die/gift to Ress\
Ress wanting to build a small house near the dragons and work on his skills (falconhedge?? Begins building it)\
To arnyst/leaving ress (nyst freak out, nyst pregnancy, run away).\
Return to falconhedge, to find liandra, young tending it, runaway, who offers him bread and welcomes him.\
\
\'93But it will be like me, and it will have to struggle. It won\'92t be like you. It will feel what I\'92ve felt, be like me.\'94\
\'93You think my life is simple, then?\'94 ress asked softly.\
\'93Of course you\'92re life is simple. There is no darkness raging inside you, like there is me, like there will be in it, no bad power that tries to control us if we can\'92t control it.\'94\
\'93That has nothing to do with what you are, only who you are.\'94\
\
\
Tigrenache and Talamus, looking for Thriantell, from the ice shelves (where boroche and sondron stayed)\
Also looking for ress (snow wedding scene?)\
Can\'92t find city of roots/sealed\
Has to learn enchanter things\
To city of roots with Tigra\
To locusts down\
Go to fallwuilfe?\
(There\'92s lots of post war messyness to deal with if writing this. Emotions, motives, state of affairs). \
\
\
\
Heard about an accident in the mountains that killed an inn full of people.\
Thinks about that and Ansa when white women come hence \'93I would not have you gaze upon such sadness.\'94\
(Ansa\'92s parents?)\
Sat at table. Completely alone. \
\
\
\
When Ghaeran had reached fifteen she could barely remember life when it was so easy. She had not realized then that dark things were right on the edge of her world. She had not known what secrets her parents kept away from her for her own good. She had not known that things could become so sad. \
She cannot remember the last time she lay in a tree and whistled to birds. \
\
\
(The deer calling field is where nyst commanded the army to die, and commanded the tree to die).\
\
\
Kitchen table/sob/think\
Set out for Mihcara\
Cry to Helen/Yara/Ree\
She begins life as a widow though they try to give her hope. It is easier for her to deal with it that way.\
In the fields one day the white women come. She doesn\'92t want to go and leave leah, but she admits to herself he must be dead and so she goes, feeling she must do something useful with her life now.\
\
\
\'97-\
\
\
1200 years ago Enchanters wage war on Ghaeran\
Enchanters are 1000 years old\
\
1200 years ago, Nyst goes to lanx\'92s garden after turning away from the battle.\
\
Spends 200 years there, has vision of ress and makes the statue of ress. \
After 200 years of temper tantrums and destroying things and trying to contain his anger he breaks himself of his dark magick and sets out, sick of being locked up, and feeling righteous though still with anger and resentment sets out to relearn his skills.\
\
Does nothing but herb magick and lives as a traveler for many years. Turns self into young boy while trying to learn to get into student mindset and represent his journey. Spends a hundred years or so wandering and learning.\
\
950 or so years ago, Ress is born.\
900 years ago, meets ress, at the lake while doing \'93magick.\'94\
\
Both learn their trades together. \
Enchanter accidentally \'93artifacts\'94 the spell that results in liqals and Ress has to deal with the messy aftermath of that for him and take care of him/the species he has made.\
\
\
300 years ago Ress builds Falconhedge as a home for them. Nyst refuses to stay there. Changes into Arnyst and begins working on the magic of stopping death. They leave and continue traveling together because Ress is willing to stay with her nomad life. Constantly feels constrained and tethered, unable to do what she knows she is capable of (live alone, dark magic, etc). Cannot master putting off death, when causing it came so easily to her.\
25 years ago becomes pregnant with Tigrenache. Has total fit when she realizes that she can create life this easily, but cannot do the magic she wants. Starts turning against the good magic she has done and in a panic of feeling trapped tries to kill the baby but for some reason can\'92t. Ress calls her on being evil after trying so hard to do good, and she leaves, unable to put either of them through it, and goes off wandering. She decides to go back to ghaeran where she had turned away from evilness, and ends up not finding the salvation she wants. She has the baby, tries to kill herself with the poison and is \'93saved\'94 by the king of ghaeran. \
She is mostly ruined magically by the birth of TN and all of her struggles and is feeling very old at this point and decides to die in ghaeran to give tigrenache a life and fullfill a promise to the king in an attempt to find salvation at the end.\
\
Ress goes back to falconhedge after her death and when he goes he finds a runaway girl living there. She (Liandray) offers him bread, not knowing it is his own house, and she lets him in. \
\
\'97-\
\
\'93Do you remember the old story?\'94\
\'93What old story?\'94 Talamus asked weakly.\
\'93About the enchanters. The fae told us back in the city of roots the first time we were there. Remember?\'94\
\'93I remember. What about it?\'94\
\'93Only the blood of good hearts spilled.\'94\
\'93What?\'94\
\'93For immortality.\'94\
Talamus seemed to understand at last. Her eyes went wide with the knowledge and then her face darkened and closed. \'93No,\'94 she said sharply. She pushed Tigrenache off her and stood up.\
}