{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 "I don't want to miss you"\
"Dont"\
"Will you miss me?"\
"Probably not."\
Tigrenache laughed a little and put her head down against Talamus's chest/. "Good" she said.\
\
She could stay in the warmth of Talamus's arms for years, for even even, and never tire of it, she thought. The smell of the sea was wetter somehow, wilder, more like sand and surf, on Talamus. She breathed it in hungrily. \
\
"You're better at this than you give yourself credit for," Talamus said, and she felt herself fall back to earth.\
"Don't forget that," Talamus said.\
"Better at what?"\
"At being strong."\
"Sweet talking me will do you no good," she teased, her voice barely breath in her throat, but she knew talamus could tell that it would.\
"Kiss me goodbye, friend," Talamus breathed. She waited, as if she would never move from that spot until Tigrenache had let her. \
She stepped forward and plunged her hands into the cool folds of Talamus' blouse. \
Her lips met Talamus's still ones, fiercly and in her head, Tigrenache begged Talamus to remember her.\
\
The taste of Talamus was valuable to her. Like silver in her mouth. She would never tire of it, could never have enough of it and always feared that indeed she wouldn't. \
"I am so in awe at what we have." She managed as she pulled away suddenly, trying to explain it. "We are so lucky. Things were not supposed to work for us, you know? And so I'm scared. we could so easily have not had this. It feels like we're on borrowed time."\
\
"I'm going to be safe," Talamus promised. Her earnest eyes were frightened. Tigrenache suddenly couldn't look.\
 \
"Good," she said. "Me too. Now get out of here." She sniffed and jerked her head towards the dock. \
Talamus let Tigrenaches hand slip from hers. She smiled away let out a great breathed of air, as if trying to breath some sort of power into the two of them. Tigrenache felt it like an exhilirating gust of sea air in her lungs. \
She let Talamus go, watched her turn away and not look back.\
She clenched her fists into her pockets and watched until Talamus disapeared into the mist and the dock workers.}