{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Cochin;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl288\slmult1\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\f0\fs28 \cf0 When it rains on the seas there is hope in the cold mist.\
Something bright in the grey drops,\
The tears of mermaids\
The whisper of underwater singing\
I have heard what sounds the oysters make\
Garbled beneath the bubbling waves\
And there is sand in their soft shadows\
they have told me things\
\
Love they say\
Is the sand sinking to the sea floor\
Softly into the depths\
It is\
They say\
Gulls with crabs in their beaks and hooks in their feet\
It is\
Open sails\
An open crows nest\
And sleeping with salt on the lips\
\
As certain as the waves\
As the undulating tides\
\
I have listened to the sails flap in the wind\
And heard the whisper of love\
\
Talamus closed the book and tilted her head back. The child on her chest shifted and looked up at her with great green eyes. \'93Don\'92t stop.\'94\
\'93I\'92m tired, Tie,\'94 she said. She smiled then she pushed the book into Tigre\'92s hands. \'93Here,\'94 she said.\
It was navy blue, woven and the gilded edges had all but flaked off.\
Tigre took it tightly and clasped her fingers over it.\
\'93Alright,\'94 she said, getting off Talamu\'92s lap and sitting down beside her. \
\
\
She propped the book open on her own lap and stuck her tongue out between her teeth as she leafed intently through the pages. After a few seconds she she stopped and let it fall open to show a picture, an ink drawing of a great ship, white sails billoughing. \
\
They sailed before through river and through brook\
Down icy paths that none other had trod\
They journied to the edges of the earth\
And reached the edge, and bent over to look\
\
But fate would not allow their satisfaction\
And whispered in their heads some little words\
Are you not going farther, have you finished?\
They leapt and joined the sea things and the birds\
\
And sailed from shore, set sail to sea\
And left the port to then be free\
Adventured on as they would do\
Into the stormy slate and blue\
\
They sailed then free cross ocean, cross the sea\
Casting their faces fiercly towards the sky\
And when that ship went down as all ships do\
They left their lovers on the shore to cry.\
\
\'93That\'92s sad,\'94 she said. She snapped the book shut. \
\
\
\
\
}